I'm Joy, a human being who codes python, HTML, CSS, JS, and more that people throw into my face. I usallly chillax in my free time, but when it comes to working, I make sure to do it quick, so I can have some free time left, of course! Life for me is almost the same EVERY day; I go hop out of my bed, brush my teeth, go and eat, and then use my electronics, then go and have some fun (Minecraft code, code games, youtube tutorials on being a better coder, and others), then I go to work, then lunch, then more work, then a snack (between carrots, yougurt, fruits, and more veggies), then more work, then some dinner, then some more work, then some free time, then a  shower, then go and order some salads for lunch and dinner, and make the food for tomorrow morning (extra delicious lettuce, topped with a layer of chopped carrots, and yea, that's what I eat all day), and go put it in the fridge, then change my clothes, and go to sleep.
However, on the not same days, there is pizza for breakfast, mushrooms for lunch (about 30 mushrooms), and one big lettuce for dinner, yum! I also make sure that my room is nice and tidy, for then I would go in a BIG mess.
So yea, umm, also, I learned most of my languages (not HTML, CSS, and JS) were my family telling me to. They are like: "Oh, please learn java! I have a class about java, and I need help!" So I go and have to learn it in like somewhere about a hour, which is DREADINGLY painful.
I feel like my life is full of troubles so yea- I hope you have a good day!
